Thank you very much and I appreciate that
Still in the group before I was
Disappointed that the cardinals are not
Today playing for some reason I thought
How were everyone today thanks
So much for this great article
Call you are really blessed to be
Here and it's always an honor
I am honored to share what God is doing in me
A person's life and in the ministry as well
We have a life story of how how the Lord has
Work all the time today I am more
Good luck to share with you about my country
People about people to grow up
Be a part of you, I former Muslim
I was born and raised in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
The country that is probably the most closed
For the gospel in the world there
Too many risks for people to go and share
There are a lot of risks for people from
Within to ask and inquire and
The government is always watching over
Anything or any departure activities
People know more about Christ or
Even in for an outside project
The world of Islam so I as I share with you
Today I want you to always be mindful
Them and pray for them and ask
The Lord to keep Rukin to soften
The hearts of those who are in it
A certain group as you know there are about
1.5 billion Muslims in the world we are
We talk about 25 percent of the world
Population
Out of one of literally four in the world
Belongs to Islam is the second fastest
Religions are prevalent in the world today even
Here in our own country and many times
We ask a lot of questions about
The doctrine of Islam, and often our questions
And out of fear more than out
The desire to communicate with them and for
Right reasons
September 11 I think opened up to us
Eyes on reality regarding what Islam is
Really knows how devout those are
Followers are ready to go and you are
One of those at some point in my life
Even you are ready to go and fight and
Die for the sake of Allah this is a type of religion
We deal with I lived most of my life
Home life again in the first memorize the Saudi
The book called Half of the Quran from it in
Under 12 and my goal was to
Save the whole and why I am
I did this because Islam is a religion
It works and every single thing you can do to
Please this deity who you are following
It will add more good business that you have been
The need on the Day of Resurrection to help you earn
Your way to paradise but also a Muslim
And brought up to believe certain things
Which I like to call a psychic
The religion you brought up for
We believe that Islam is the ultimate religion
Religion is acceptable only to God
Way if you wish if you don't
Followers of this religion and therefore you
No hope at all to make it
Heaven or even to heaven as womb
He knows that the Messenger of Islam
Final Messenger and even Prophet
Although there are prophets from
Before him including Jesus by the way
The Quran calls him to the Prophet of each one
Those prophets at some point in
The history of mankind was sent by God to
A specific group of people to share
A specific message but when it comes to
Islam only 14 centuries ago
A global message that is now sent
For all mankind, as well as teaches Islam
This book in the Qur'an is final
Revelation from God from other books that
Before that came either lost or
Damaged as in the Bible
With this kind of thinking I grew up as
A Muslim locked into this false feeling
In fact, you are part of the elite
The group chose the nation if you wish or
People that God
You decided to be just now
An acceptable group of people in his country
When I was growing up thinking about the kingdom
About all these things that are implanted
Something inside me which for
Look down on others who don't follow
That religion was in fact so pious
Postulate that you start so look down at
Your people who follow Islam however
They are not that religious because it is
Each has to do with being religious pious
Doing your deeds is going on in full
Present to this deity that demands
Everything from you but never ever
Nothing will guarantee you even
Hope one of your salvation even
If you go as far as you are willing to
Death for him, and this is actually what I am
Wanted to do at some point of investigation
That is how only my sins will be
Forgive and I have hope to make
All the way to heaven that I am if
You will be ready to fight and die for
This god and in 1979 the Soviets invaded
Afghanistan and many left Muslim men
Their countries are gone and they are there
To fight and I wanted to go and do
Same, and I really just didn't want to go
Fight and earn your deeds I wanted to go
And fight and death knowing that this is
My hope is to earn that salvation after my own
Mother God used her to step in and step in
Stop me from doing this and call me
This is my Amar Cole number one on my way
A journey to see the Lord a couple
Years later I finished school I went
To the Islamic University of Mecca and that
By the way it was about 45 minutes
From where I lived I went there and me
He started studying Sharia and was my hope for
It became a world of Sharia and perhaps
Even the judge on the road but I Sunnah
Half later and I do not know what happened
But what the Lord just turned my country
Turn the field over this idea and that would
They were out of a two-mark mark in my country
Flight because if you could
Keep going this way I'm not that
Make sure that I will be standing here today
But only God knows
Essentially that track is finished
I decided to now follow a different I path
He moved back home and attended my local
University earned me engineering
Degree, when my dad graduated
It really struck me and asked me if I was
I would go to the West either
Europe or to the United States and obtain graduate studies
Certificate from there in engineering now for
As we know Muslim and and that is
It applies to the majority of Muslims to return live
House in the Middle East or in their country
Countries, but what we tend to think of
West as a corrupted society we are to blame
West for anything and any over all
Our problems that we are to blame
Them for being the enemies that are
Usually conspiracy against us
We believe their community
It was damaged because it was their holy book
Damaged believe that all of them
Christianity was born but not all of them
Is that Christian believers anymore, and
Even if they wanted to be loyal there
And any moral values ​​were left there
Because their book is so damaged
With all this I was still excited
When my father gave me to go to
West I would consider that a little bit of
Actually hypocrisy why would I go
Somewhere I despise, and I wanted to
Go and earn that degree and be that
Prestige saying that I have
Graduate degree from this university or
I definitely did not refuse it
Idea and I followed it, and I finally
With permission from
Embassy of the application did that, first
The university that sent me the acceptance letter
U had a letter
Hold your horses I just want to
I apologize because I did not know any
Better at that time
So I made it foundation and I was even
Everyone was excited to tell me that
You were going to eat the desert environment
I am thinking it is similar to where I am
I slept until I arrived
Quite different then you've more
I have been studying English most of my life
And the only thing that was worried
About when I decided to go to the West
It was a cultural shock that you see many
My friends back home who are very much
Religious like me usually
It will have a beard and we would go for
The mosque all the time and we were
Do all these religious rituals
My turn and many of them will
Sometimes left during summer only
For vacation and it will come
Back with a ponytail and not a beard anymore
I would like to ask what happened and
Of course you see how powerful an impact is
It was a culture and I was concerned
About that but I probably convinced myself
I can make my trip important to
Converting people to Islam was that
Really my true motive is never that I have
English thought is going to be
The problem until someone asked me what's the matter
And it seemed I didn't really know
What was even
Then people ask me what
Being and also saying I do not know
What is actually going on people want
Pull my legs and others wanted to pick me up
The brain goes without saying that it was
Become very uncomfortable to
These hadiths I would like to understand
50-70 percent and then the rest
Somewhere I lost my ups and downs gone
Back to my teacher I told her I thought
I was ready to start but I don't think I am
I am and she was laughing when I explained
Its why she said this is called
English conversation is fine for you
You must be ready to build
Relationships with American students and
American families and your neighbors
Listen to how they say phrases and ask
Questions and over time you'll be able
Master this but if you really want
I expanded it she said we have to
The organization right here on campus is called
International friends
You can subscribe with them that they will end
Me realizing you with either
An individual or family that would work
With you to improve it's your language
Leaving just a small part of it was
The Christian Ministry is gone and I signed
Up and in a few weeks I
Received a letter entered into the family
That would be in contact with me and then
Within a few days of reception
A letter called the family to me and
The husband made the same for me, and we
I decided to first meet up
Up to this point I am of mindset
That every person I've met so far is
Christianity and it really does look like
Ie differs from that which was
Watch movies for example or TV
So I met this family and something
That was special about them
Their different lifestyle was different
Their attitude was different than their love
Kindness was different and I can
I say they have this real heart
Want to help me and do whatever
It takes me to remember when I was
He graduated from English School to
Starting my program it took a while
To take off on Friday and come
Surprise me for my ceremony
Basically and that really touched my country
Heart but nevertheless I am
I did not want to give in to any religious
Discussions with them despite my desire
It was to be converted to Islam, but it felt
As if I'm not ready yet
To get to that discussion I'm still
Learn to speak one way or another
Seven eight months after this
The relationship I decided to change
The principal went and applied at the other
Universities are long and behold
The Sue that kissed me at the time I was
You can call me devil safe if you like me
Okay with that
I moved came here and I finished
Degree while doing this
About three years ago I started to learn more about
The culture of religion itself
Freedom of religion is many of the people you know
Do not call themselves Christians I met
People who don't even want to talk about it
God and I mean I met others that they are
To say that I only go to the church
My turn or here on this occasion or
This occasion and all this opened up to me
Mind and my heart to reality no
Everything I learned about Christianity
The back home was true and true
This is not all true birth
A Christian or a hereditary Religion and I
It was said to kind of bother me however
I am still convinced Islam is the truth
But maybe issuing Islam that I have
She learned was a little twisted in her report
Teaching and I kept those for myself
A few years after graduation I met
Another young man at work was
Believer in Christ and he reminded me
Immediately from that first family that
Years ago I met when by the way
I left I suffered my relationship with
To them I did not bother to call him or
So update my contacts with them and me
Now encouraged because I had
Able to speak better to open
Dialogue with him and his wife and
Family and through this relationship
That we built over the course of
A few years I started to share with
Peace be upon him, thinking that maybe I am
It will surprise him with the information
That I'd be sharing with him that
The Bible is corrupt and that Islam is
Truth and many others
Actually I really learned that
Worships Gods 3 never cross
I fell amazed
Nothing really rocked him at all
Able to refute anything you are
Throw his way and it bothered me
Because I felt like maybe I was not ready
After a share about Islam or even be able
To convert anyone to Islam, however
All was shot at me
I stay inside and would like to return to the back home
And start thinking about what he says
Why did not reject the idea that
Crossing never happened why he persuaded
That the Bible is a word that was wrong of
God and many other things, and why not
He was convinced that Jesus was God in
The meat continued while I was looking at
My own time and Islam's comparison
Form a Christian that you would hear
Now, I began to realize that there is more
To the story of the cross and the gospel
From what I was told
Or at least grew up to think you could
I say that those two families got used to
I got the seeds of salvation I got for
Point where I was very discouraged about
My own faith that I lost even any
An interest in doing my religious duties
Any more to this point that sometimes my country
Friends at work who are not religious
Not even caring for God will remind me
That's how I came, I'm not fasting anymore
So how do I take breaks to go
And we pray you see the enemy sometimes
They want to attack you want somehow to
Prevent you from seeking the truth and
He uses no means to do this but God has been to it
Graceful, merciful and patient with
Me in 2001 and one Sunday in May after that
An invitation to go to church several times before
Some friends have decided that Sunday
For any reason to go to church and
I had a schedule I said I'm gonna go to
Church sit down and find out who they are
Sermons and preaching
Exactly it does not teach people like my country
A friend and that family so that I can use
Against it and convert it to Islam
Now as an engineer I thought it was
A complete plan and so did the Holy Spirit as well
I arrived on that day I sat in
Very last Pio, and I remember watching
Him glory and rejoicing to
Then the Lord's preacher began
Preaching and the message was complete
She sent me and I was kind of bothered
Because I thought my friends said
The pastor that you were there I came to
Next Sunday and the same
An event has been forwarded to the full message
For me, every day I will go back in
God will send a message and determined
Just for me and then he started preaching
From the Gospel of John to the End for
Sermon series from John's book
It started five years earlier
During that trip I began to hear
Some cool things about who Jesus is
Suddenly it was a state of mind
A Muslim person who rejected Christ as
Son of God or incarnate God that I fell in
Love with this Jesus and I really said
You want to follow him even if he is
Spun my own imagination but only me
It was not the month of April but not able to communicate
The points were still hard for me to
Take myself out of this template that I was
In all of my life in fact for
Fourteen centuries I was in a potion
Hidden in it, but God was patient
He treated me according to
My own understanding of September 11
It happened during that time I was
All around were very discouraged
Something I knew why some happened
Point in my life and I was ready to do
Something similar to that at least backwards
In Afghanistan when I wanted to go however
It was a wake-up call for me and then
I started to get this dream this vision I
It will be called a reality nightmare
Mostly the same
Every time I have I died
I stand before the throne of God
And God is asking me a simple question
Why my son refused and I did not
I have an answer for that a few
Months later it was November 2001
When I finally had the courage to confess
That you are wrong and in need of
Savior, I prayed and accepted
The Lord and Savior since then
Forward that I was 12 years old since I started
I see God's hand in my service life
The doors began to open and realized
Quickly that calling for me is for
Education teach equip and encourage i have to
I tell you until this point I did not
I think I can stand in front of an audience
Two and hadith but God has shown me
That if you are to humble yourself I
It will open many doors for you that
I'll blow off your socks I didn't know
That phrase at that time is on God’s path
The banners during it for
Twelve years ago this message was shared by
The method was not heard by thousands then
Five years before the door opened up to me
To appear on satellite TV broadcasts on
Middle east
60 million households usually watched
Which specific program request and I
By the host who is a former Muslim
Himself to share my degree I was
Initially scared to by
The way Islam leaves means that there is
The death penalty against me already
The family has already absolved me as a
Lead this is my brother one
Who wants to come after me all the time
And I told him you wanted me to show up
Where exactly and do what you know
What will happen to me said yes
This is the beauty around them all
Thing
I felt like he did not care
But he told me that we wanted to reach
To our people and nobody can be more
Effective with each other on their own
That left Christ acceptable and
Actually I first appeared in
2007 and I still remember it was in
December 2007, I have shared my testimony
And a Saudi woman was the college
A student at that time accepted Christ
Lord and Savior nine months after her
Father and brother discovered that and
Kill her as a result of this this is it
What we deal with several times later
She appeared in the same program and thousands
Thousands of people listened
The message, teachings and many more
Things then three years ago and I'm even
Get involved with another bold project
With the same ministry, and it has to be
He co-authored a book called the Qur'an
The dilemma of critical analysis of the Qur'an
To show the Muslim people my own people
Writers would believe in with
All their hearts is the perfect book that
The book is that God is somehow alone
Preserving the Bible is a book
Not worth it's papers on and if
Its foundation then vibrates
You should seek the true foundation, therefore
Our Lord Jesus Christ the rock that was
Hope
I can tell you a lot of encouragement
Stories but on Tuesday when I am here I'll
Be more than happy to answer many
Questions about the book and impact
Who made it and I am now also involved
In ministries through social media I
I have found my own TV called Islamic
The dilemma of that Lord has blessed me
Many opportunities for one purpose
I don't think I was the one who did
But remember that it is who
It led me to this point and reign
Me with a message to share with you
We encourage you, my hope, and my prayers
That is when you get out of here today ie
The fear you had about Islam or Muslims will
Completely dead you will not walk
From here loving him more so now let us
I tell you that I know one of
The biggest obstacles we will face
Usually in proselytizing it is fear I mean
Many of us are wondering if they have
E-eloquence to participate in the Bible if it is
You have the right tools to respond if they are
She is able to discuss even issues that
It is so huge and so big
I'm gonna offend the person I'm talking to
Then on top of that I was a student
Me to share it with who is with Muslims
You are out of your mind
Do not know that they may kill me
What about them if they are not converted
It's gonna die that's true fear
Legitimacy here is what the Bible says
About that if we go for example
To first Corinthians chapter 2, we are
The reading will begin from verse 1 Paul
Again reflects on his own feelings for
The Corinthians say it, and when
I came to you brothers did not come
He announces to you the testimony of God
With a noble speech of wisdom for I
I decided to share with you or the knowledge
Nothing among you but Jesus Christ
And upon him crucified and here is hunting
I was with you and listening to what Paul
He says in weakness in fear and many
Trembling You realize what's going on
Here this is Paul who is responsible for
Almost half of the New Testament was
I am called a messenger by Christ from God
Himself but it is not announced, and it is
Transparency with us that he has fear in
Him whenever he goes to participate in the Bible
What is the conclusion if you have fear
You qualify and that's what you say
This should be fear for you
Share most of the precious news that
The whole world should know about another
The thing that we should be aware of too
That we have to be prepared all the time for
Give an answer to defend themselves if you wish to
Those who ask us about the hope that we can
It is in us to compel Peter 3:15 now
We are all advocates mainly called
According to this clip we are all
Expected to know how to respond about
Our hope for this simple is to share our views
Own testimony of why Jesus is our Lord
No excuses we don't need us to become
Scientists do not need to go to
Religious institutes to be able to evangelize us
Lord in his sermon on the mountain in
Matthew 5:14 2:16 All of us expected to
Be the Evangelists when you say
Light from the world did not say that
Some of you are light said to you
It is not just light, light
The world so let's shine the light before
Men are on the way to like this to see your own
Good deeds
And glorify your Father who is in the heavens
This is what happened in my case when
I saw that the light of Christ is in life
Two families by which way even
Last year the first family did not even
He has the slightest idea that I am a believer
Christ because I cut my ties with them
For 23 years
Paul Cheerleader Timothy Young at
2 Timothy 4: 2 tells him that he is
You must preach needs a word in a season
Out of season, and it is on my other
He admonished you to be prepared
At all times, ready to share in
All chapters there is no right and wrong
Time for class but God opens the door
The right door at the right time, we are
You must always be ready to finally deliver
I want to share that passage with you
Summarizes my entire Paul testimony
After being persecuted at Ephesus
Almost death point I went to
Thessalonica and spent three weeks in
There God really used that time to
Founding a church that got two
First and second Thessalonians
That is in our area blessed today in the Bible
His first message was Paul trying to
Show people in Thessalonica
How he felt about them and why
I decided to come and exchange the gospel
With them in Chapter 2 1
Thessalonians 2: 8 and this is what he says
So Utley's imagination is being desired by you
Not only were we willing to share with you
The Gospel of God but also our very
Our own selves our own selves why life
Because you have become dear to us
Let me tell you what Paul is saying keep
In mind Paul is the hadith
To them today as believers but it is
Saying before he came to them to share
What does that mean when?
Pagans were still and pagans did not
Knowledge of Christ or God is not preserved but it is
He says he loved her so much, and decided
Share not only the gospel in words
But in life style even if that means
Their very own lives must be sacrificed
He was just persecuted and stoned yet
He was still ready to come again and
Share the gospel here again with another
A group of people do not like the people
If you want to share the Bible with
Even before you have seen them
You pray for specific groups of people
You may not need in your life and
Do Muslims pray for Mormons to
Atheists Have a desire for them
To know Christ our Lord because that is in
What book is teaching you can see
Evangelization is not step 1 step 2 step 3
It's not about earning a degree it's not
About model or style
Angelicism begins with the right heart
The correct position in Christ Jesus
The least we can do for them is pray for
Them the least we can do last year
After searching for a family to
Nearly 11 years since I became
A believer lost hope that I will ever
Find it I just wanted to thank them
That I used God made in my life 23
Years before sowing that seeds
It thrived in the salvation that God has
Used in his power to open many doors
Millions of Muslims have heard
Degree
Millions of Muslims read millions
Muslims are reached through
Ministry of Social Media that I was involved
In or TV shows or many others
Because of their honesty because of
Sacrifice, life and sharing
The Gospel in Words and Life's Style
Finally somehow God decided it was
The right time, believe it or not, was
It was a Super Bowl Sunday there is a Super Bowl
Sunday that is what happened when I found
Very original envelope because I am
First received from
University around that family do not know
Where to find her I am very used to
A powerful tool called Google was so out
Easy to find their entire history of
Before they are born I know everything
About them that they probably did not
Even I know but you are looking for one
The thing is where they are today and found
This and contacted them you know what
They told me we were just praying for
You this month 23 years it does not stop
To pray and they don't even know that
I am locked in, and when I am subscribed
With them they were blown away how
Use God as a simple ministry to
Blossom to what it is today for
They decided to quit that ministry
A few years earlier he was thinking
It was not working because they had not seen
The fruits of that ministry in their lives
Our life God is strong God there
Why is Thessalonians 1 we are
I read that when we sow one seed of will
One plant and water but God will grow
Seeds that they have no confidence in will do
Work that you and I will never be
Able to do so I just want to leave you
With this if you come here today
For fear of Muslims I hope for
They will withdraw from here running to cuddle
Them and pray for them and share
The truth is with them in words and in life
Let us pray to our Heavenly Father
Very thankful, thankful the Lord to do
Our weakness used our doubts our fear
God is powerless to do this mighty job
The kingdom of your Lord, we are
Good luck that you have called us
To be partners with you and employees of
Your fields I invite to
Muslims today it will be reached
Of my brothers and sisters and others
Like them we will pray for
Them all the time I pray for my people I
Pray for the Saudis pray for the king
Lord, if you compose his heart
It will come to know you are
Lord, Father, I pray that they will pass
Those borders of the kingdom of light
Darkness to the kingdom of light we ask
All this in the name of the mighty of Christ
Trustworthy
[clap]